Readme.md, before:

# Project Name

Description of your project.

## Table of Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Folder Structure](#folder-structure)
- [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) - Ensure you have Docker installed.

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/poroto82/QuoteStack.git --recurse-submodules 
cd QuoteStack
```
Set up environment variables:
Theres already an env file in this project with te route to laravel sqlite database

Theres an extra option on env file to control the cache TTL of the quotes
QUOTE_CACHE_TTL=

Configure Laravel database settings.
Build and run the Docker containers:

```bash
docker-compose up --build
```
Install Laravel dependencies:
```bash
docker-compose exec quote-back composer install
```
Migrate and seed the database:
```bash
docker-compose exec quote-back php artisan key:generate

docker-compose exec quote-back php artisan migrate --seed

docker-compose exec quote-back php artisan passport:install

```


Folder Structure
Briefly explain the structure of your project's folders and key files.

Tech Stack
Laravel
React
Nginx
Docker
List other technologies and frameworks used in your project.

Contributing
If you'd like to contribute, please follow the Contributing Guidelines.

Commit message:

five quots command on readme

Readme.md, after:

# Project Name

Description of your project.

## Table of Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Folder Structure](#folder-structure)
- [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) - Ensure you have Docker installed.

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/poroto82/QuoteStack.git --recurse-submodules 
cd QuoteStack
```
Set up environment variables:
Theres already an env file in this project with te route to laravel sqlite database

Theres an extra option on env file to control the cache TTL of the quotes
QUOTE_CACHE_TTL=

Configure Laravel database settings.
Build and run the Docker containers:

```bash
docker-compose up --build
```
Install Laravel dependencies:
```bash
docker-compose exec quote-back composer install
```
Migrate and seed the database:
```bash
docker-compose exec quote-back php artisan key:generate

docker-compose exec quote-back php artisan migrate --seed

docker-compose exec quote-back php artisan passport:install

```

# Five Random Quotes Command

to run this command the line would be:
```bash
docker-compose exec quote-back php artisan app:Get-FiveRandomQuotes {--new}
```


Folder Structure
Briefly explain the structure of your project's folders and key files.

Tech Stack
Laravel
React
Nginx
Docker
List other technologies and frameworks used in your project.

Contributing
If you'd like to contribute, please follow the Contributing Guidelines.
